# Team 10

## Work Timeline

- Week 3
  - The team researched the advantages of each CMS and decided to use Drupal.
- Week 4
  - The team conducted further research on the CMSs and decided to make the switch to WordPress. They also began work on the testing report.
  - Everyone except **Andrew** set up Google VM and installed WordPress. They began installing plugins for both the knowledge base and the ticket systems.
- Week 5
  - The team created a plan of action for the week.
  - **Tobi** created a requirements document.
  - **Andrew** began work on the CMS journey.
- Week 6
  - **Omar** setup automated email notifications to be sent out on events such as ticket creation.
  - **Tobi** finished the test report barring the results.
  - **Myles** began refining the sites theme.
- Week 7
  - _No report given_
  - The team demonstrated their system. It mostly focussed around ticket creation and management. The system was very basic being almost an entirely pre-built third party plugin.
- Week 8
  - _No report given_
  - The team demonstrated their system again. The presentation was presented by **Myles**, **Omar**, **Tobi**, **Alexander**. The system saw the addition of a knowledge base. **Omar** had implemented an analytics system.
  - The other two members had been focusing on reports.

## Overview

The system the team produced was very functional with a seemingly rich analytics system which highlighted the project amongst the other group. If communication and group management had been improved then this team would have had a very good development journey. It was this disorganization which lead to the production of 3 weekly reports.

**Andrew** and Eileen were key team members due to their contributions to the reports, with Eileen regularly asking questions concerning general structure and content. **Tobi** played an important role in development creating a notable sub-system, he also contributed greatly to the testing report. Myles, **Alexander**, and **Omar** all focussed on development however all failing to properly document their progress effectively. **Alexander** seemingly did nothing until the final development.

| Name             | Attendance (max 7) | Score (max 10) |
| ---------------- | ------------------ | -------------- |
| Alexander Baker  | 6                  | 4              |
| Andrew Packer    | 7                  | 7              |
| Eileen Woode     | 7                  | 7              |
| Myles Atherstone | 7                  | 6              |
| Omar Ghrairi     | 5                  | 6              |
| Tobi Akinyemi    | 6                  | 7              |

\newpage
