# Team 18

## Work Timeline

- Week 3
  - The group selected Drupal based on **Nathaniel**'s suggestions. He then proceeded to create a system complete with many key features such as a ticketing feature.
  - Everyone created a design for the system and determined how certain parts of the system should work such as taxonomies and problem filtering.
  - Following additional research **Nathaniel** thought it best to switch to WordPress.
- Week 4
  - Everyone except **Poojan** met and assigned tasks for the week which.
  - **Nathaniel** switched to WordPress and began development.
- Week 5
  - **Poojan** and **Sean** tasked with styling the website.
  - **Russel** was tasked with adding charts for the analyst pages.
- Week 6
  - **Nathaniel** set up the Google VM and created test user accounts.
  - **Poojan**, **Russel**, **Arpit**, and **Nathaniel** worked on the site design and started the testing report.
- Week 7
  - **Poojan**, **Russel**, **Arpit**, and **Nathaniel** restarted the testing report.
  - **Poojan**, **Arpit**, **Nathaniel**, and **Sean** began working on the CMS journey.
- Week 8
  - **Nathaniel** created the sites knowledge base and populated it with test data.
  - Everyone except Liam worked on and finished all the reports and rehearsed their demo.

## Overview

**Russel** and **Arpit** contributed to group planning efforts and with report writing. **Sean** and **Poojan** contributed both to report writing and also were tasked with the styling of the website. **Liam** did not seem to contribute to either the reports or the development, instead only being present for the planning process.

Although **Nathaniel** played a crucial role in their final product, it was more due to his domineering approach to what should be a group project. I do not feel he acted with the interests of the group.

| Name              | Attendance (max 7) | Score (max 10) |
| ----------------- | ------------------ | -------------- |
| Nathaniel Olson   | 7                  | 8              |
| Russel Tchouatcha | 7                  | 7              |
| Poojan Vaya       | 7                  | 8              |
| Liam George       | 7                  | 3              |
| Sean McNamara     | 7                  | 8              |
| Arpit Bhaskarwar  | 7                  | 7              |

\newpage
