# Introduction

This report covers my experience with managing the different teams and how my hypothesis, set out in the first semester, worked in practise. The report ends with how my management technique would differ in the future.

# My Hypothesis

I had four main hypothesis going in to the project:

1. Teams are comprised of many **individuals** each with their own needs and desires, if attention is focused on fulfilling these requirements, for each person separately, then the entire team will prosper.
2. Large projects are hard for people to fully digest and work on effectively, therefore, they need to be broken into small achievable **tasks**. This not only helps to focus work but also to track progress of the team.
3. An understanding of **management techniques** and how teams operate is beneficial for a team. It would allow them to organize more effectively and helps to motivate the following of instructions.
4. Teams should take advantage of the experience of their managers. This can only be effective if the team believes that the **managers are invested** in the project and it's success. Therefore, by playing an active role in the team I can posit the idea of interest, encouraging them to utilize me as a resource as they do each other.

# Other Managers

for every team I was partnered with a different manager, each with their own theories about how the team should be treated and what is expected of them. Luckily each manager was happy to fully compromise on their plans in favour of mine which resulted in me having full control of the groups. The once exception to this was team 20, which was managed by myself and two others. I decided it would be best for myself to compromise for this team as the other two managers had very complimenting methodologies.

Team 20 turned out to be very interesting as it allowed be to compare my strategy to a different one. This compromised allowed for an A/B test like comparison. For this reason, I believe I would have been able to gain further insights into my techniques if I had compromised on more teams.
