# Weekly Reports

The weekly reports were designed to act like a time sheet, recording every instance of work being done on the project. The reports were comprised of a series of records each containing a brief description of what was achieved, when the work was done and who participated in the work.

## Reason for my report style

Other managers both for this years groups and the year in which I participated as a team member asked for reports which included a summary of the work that had been done as well as a plan for the following week. Whilst sounding good in theory, I believed this style to have two main issues.

The first issue trying to be solved was that of accuracy. Teams retroactively delegating work to every member of the group in order to avoid someone being shown to have done no work. The plan for the following week also tends to be non-specific and inflated to, once again, be inclusive.

The second issue is that I did not believe teams should be dedicated time to writing this report. I believed that the time the group has to fullfil the project is a very limited resource and should always be spent progressing the project directly. And although creating the weekly reports may take a very small amount of time teams tend to delegate work in tasks rather then actual time. For instance, given two tasks a and b each taking 30 minutes and 60 minutes respectively, teams would delegate each task to a different member rather then delegating 45 minutes of work time. Therefore the short task of writing a weekly report would hold as much weight as a longer task.

Team 20 was under the predominant management of a different manager which resulted in the team actually having to complete reports of this exact style - tasks completed and tasks to do. One week the team produced a report where five of the members had "Requirements" and "CMS Research" listed as their completed tasks, and "Create WordPress Account" and "Start developing Prototype" for their tasks for the following week. The main problem with these tasks is it looks like everyone has work assigned to them, however, their is no definition as to what it means to finish starting a prototype and it is unlikely that all five of the members spent their entire time creating project requirements. The sixth person in the group had listed for both their completed and upcoming tasks "Weekly Report" and "Meeting Notes".

In reality it is more likely that some of the members did not partake in any work, which some weeks is not necessarily a bad thing. People, however, believe that leaving a blank space against someone impacts negatively on that person.

## My reports in practise

The meeting style I developed proved to be very effective at solving these issues. The reports I received often did not list everyone as completing work equally which shows teams did not feel obligated to portray all members as equal contributors. Furthermore, this suggests that my thoughts about teams balancing work load with the other style of report is accurate (though sample size is very small and different teams can act in extremely different ways).

Each member in the teams were responsible for recording their own work achieved as opposed to delegating the responsibility to a single member, something which I'm sure solved the second issue. One team recorded over 20 separate work points in a single week, this would not be feasibly if the reports had to be created by a single person.

There were however a few issues with the reports. Initially I described the reports as recording all the "meetings" the teams were having. This was a mistake as it resulted in teams only recording times when multiple members would meet to discuss and plan out the system. When I realized this confusion, I quickly clarified, to every team, exactly what I expected to be recorded. After this clarification, the reports started being as detailed as I would have hoped.

Another issue I had with the reports did not concern their format but rather my reviews of them. There were instances during the project where teams would add something to their reports which seemed wrong. For instance, team 8 included in one of their reports: "We also have developed a login system to the website". One way CMSs are beneficial is that they come packaged with many key features such as a user system. Because the team stated they had created one it indicates that they are attempting to inflate the amount of work they are presenting or have a fundamental misunderstanding of their CMS. Either way it is something that should be addressed. I, however, elected to not confront the group and instead sought avoid conflict which, in hindsight, was detrimental to the team and goes directly against my intentions for hypothesis 4.

## Experience Report

At the end of the project I had to complete an experience report covering how each team worked. Having the work broken down in this format allowed be to construct a fairly concise timeline of development and I could easily see who was contributing the majority of the work and, in some cases, who had done nothing.

The experience report was the first time I had reviewed a teams recorded progress across multiple weeks. Previously I would look at a single weeks progress in isolation in order to prepare for the meeting or to write a weekly summary. When reviewing the teams overall progress I noticed many inconsistencies within some of the teams. For instance, team 18 stated in both the 6th and 7th development week report that they "started the testing report". This clearly shows that the team was not truthful in the weekly reports which is an exact issue I raised in the first report and was the underlying reasoning for collecting actual work entries in the reports rather than a future plan.

There were also cases where some teams did not start development until quite late into the project. Although, I was aware of it when reading each weeks reports, I did not fully comprehend what the lack of progress looked like on the larger scale, and how much of an issue it could have been.

## Future Improvements

In the future I would create a work timeline (as shown in the experience report) for each group as the project progressed. This would mean I would mean the weekly reports would be viewed in the context of all previous progress, allowing me to notice any problems within the team such as idling members (as in team 5), or feature regression (something present in team 20).

I think that one major way the reports could be improved would be to be more transparent with their usage. If I informed the teams at the beginning that would be used to determine how much progress is being made. I believe this could further improve the accuracy and the completeness of the records, however, it could also cause groups to begin inflating their reported work. One, additional, way I could achieve this transparency would be make the project timeline available for the groups to see and review. This was they could self-reflect and be a longer term reminder of what they have accomplished.

I would also more formally prepare a definition for what was expected from this report, this would not only prevent the confusion that occurred this time but would also ensure that consistent information was conveyed to each team.
