# Weekly Meetings

During each meeting I planned to gather a list of tasks which were to be completed in the upcoming week. I would record who was assigned to which team and ensure the tasks fulfilled the SMART criteria. Then using the list during the following meeting I would be able to determine if progress was being made and identify people who are not performing. Additionally it would allow me to ensure work is evenly distributed between group members. This would further hypothesis 4 as I would be directly involved with the planning process, further hypothesis 1 as I could ensure a fair and balanced distribution of work, and hypothesis 2 as I could ensure the task is broken into sufficiently small and accomplishable parts.

This plan for the meetings did not come to fruition. Instead they mainly acted as a way for me to touch base with the group, and query as to whether there were any issues. Occasionally the groups would have questions which we would either answer. I think the meetings in this way were wasted time and I failed to take advantage of them properly. I believe this was because of my lack of experience at confronting large groups of people and a lack of preparation. Entering the first meeting, I had a rough idea of the general areas I wanted to talk about but did not have a concrete plan, this was a mistake. As the weeks went on, the meetings started becoming more and more useful, feedback was started to be relayed back to the team and more guidance was being given.

In the third week of meeting I asked each team to make a start on their testing report. I told them that this report could be done almost entirely independently of system development and should be fully done as quickly as possible. By doing the test report early it force teams to think about exactly what features they needed and would set out a set of criteria to determine when a particular feature is done - if the tests pass, the feature is complete. This is a decision that I am very happy to have made.

In each week of meetings I would usually have some idea half way through the time which changed the information I was telling to the teams. One week I thought about the utility of the testing reports, another week Posco asked us to talk about agile development. This asymmetry of the teams information is something that I believe is undesirable. Teams who had meetings later in the day would get, what i believe to be, better advice. This is something, however, which I do not believe has a viable solution.

## Final Demonstrations

During the final week of meetings each team presented a demonstration of their system. The demos were meant to be a practise run of what they were going to present to the lecturers. This allowed the teams to receive feedback on their system and the presentation style. The teams were briefed the week prior and were told they should be rehearsed demos where everyone is involved and the complete system is presented via use cases i.e a ticket being created, assigned, and solved.

Although we had been presented with demonstrations prior to this one, this one turned out to be much more useful in terms of gauging progress and providing feedback. Having the system shown in a rehearsed manner with user stories allowed us to spot missing features or potential errors. Where as in prior demos we would be shown isolated parts of the system and it was hard to fully grasp how everything fit together in the larger picture - though at the time I did not realise this was the case.

These demonstrations were incredibly useful, direct feedback was able to be presented to the group and discussions were had about certain changes that we, as managers, would like to see to improve the system.

## Future Changes

Firstly, I think that if I were to conduct the meetings now they would be significantly better even with no other changes, purely through the experience I have gained from doing it once. This is both experience with the module specification and with management in general.

I would have the teams start development much earlier in the project, preferably during the first week. All of the CMSs are fully capable of developing the needed system, however lots of time was spent by teams changing which system they would use. Team 5, for example, final settled on their CMS on the fourth week of the project.

In the future I have the teams perform rehearsed demos every week, starting from the second week of meetings. I believe doing this would make the teams focus on features which actually matter. For instance, some teams spent many weeks on design, however, if they had to present their system every week it would likely force the team to make tangible progress as it would be hard for them to justify nothing really changing in the system.

This style of demonstration also see who was and was not familiar with the system. If done regularly it would be easier to determine if someone had not contributed to the work effort which would allow be to delegate and balance work loads, helping with hypothesis 1.

During the first week, I would also ask for the testing report to be started. I would explain that the testing report can be constructed independently of development and can be used as a set of guidelines of what development needs doing and how it can be known to be complete. I think that by making the teams work on this early on it would force them to plan out the project in a way which is justified by the specification. Test driven development has been proven to be a very effective way of creating software and teaching the teams this would be a valuable lesson. If the testing report was done sufficiently early, I could additionally use it to assess whether the team is making actual progress.

Another thing I would do differently is speak to the assessors before the project in order to understand exactly what they are looking for in a good presentation. I made the assumption that, since the module is a group project, they would want to see everybody involved in the presentation. I instructed the teams that this was the case and even criticized one team for only having a single person do everything. Although I think that this is a feature of a good presentation, confirming it would have been good to ensure the information the teams are given is accurate.
