# Weekly summaries

For the weekly summaries I elected not to prepare a template, as I was unsure exactly what information would be relevant and need to be recorded. This lack of template meant each weeks report varied in the content conveyed and also in the level of detail.

This also had an impact on the notes that I gathered during the meetings. Because I did not know precisely what I was going to talk about in the summary, I also did not know what I should have recorded during the meetings. This i believe was detrimental as the notes I took in the meetings varied wildly and in some cases were missing key points of information as I relied on myself thinking on the spot what to record.

In the future, I would prepare a very strict template, outlining exactly what needed to be conveyed. It would most likely be broken up into a section for each person, and in each section I would record whether they were present, and record what they were planning and what they had presented during the weekly presentations. This would mean I would create a more consistent week to week report, which would likely help out our "managers" as they could more easily compare weeks.

I would then use this template in the meetings themselves to record notes, as opposed to recording notes freely and then write them up into a report. This would hopefully prevent me from forgetting to gather information and would enable to be more certain as to when the meeting should be concluded; when all the boxes are filled, the meeting is done.
