# Teaching Management

The main way I had planned to teach management to the teams was to have them read about and then select which of Belbins team roles most applied to them. Every member was presented with a list of the roles and a description each one as well as a high level overview of what the roles were for. The purpose of this exercise was to get each member thinking about their place within a team and to have them realise what there skills were in a team environment.

I found that every team had at least a single person for all roles except for the _resource investigator_. The resource investigator is specialized in finding things of potential interest, in terms of the group projects this would have been someone who would have been adept at figuring out which CMS to choose and then find relevant plugins which the team can implement. Due to the project being very defined and prescribed, there was very little need for this missing role. Almost all teams performed research together at the beginning of the project.

The well-rounded nature of all the teams of the teams meant I could effectively tailor my approach to anyone of them. If I was managing a single team I could have potentially took on the resource investigator role and conducted research and told teams about plugins that may be of use, however, I could not do that in this case as it would have: resulted in all teams producing very similar projects, be too much work to practically carry out, and most importantly have been over stepping my role within this course.

<!-- One thing I did not realise at the beginning was that students lacked motivation and reason to dedicate extra time learning about management methodology. I still believe that the knowledge of the subject would improve a teams performance, as clarity of reasoning can help guide people into following directions, however, individuals need to be given reason to want to learn. -->

Even though I did not properly get the opportunity to test the hypothesis properly, I do not feel this module benefits from this exercise. This is due to both the very limited time-frame for which to make use of the information and the amount of extra work that is required to properly fulfill the obligations. Therefore, in the future I would not attempt this hypothesis again.

<!-- Although it could be beneficial to perform this exercise in certain scenarios,  -->

<!-- ---

- The rate in which teams filled in their roles seemed to correlate roughly with the performance of the team. Members who were slow tended to be poorer performers then those who completed it quickly. -->
