# Evaluation

Overall, I think, the managment style contained many good ideas the meetings style being one of the best. But there were many things which could have been improved.

## Future Improvements

As well as the chnages discussed in the previous sections, there are also some changes I would make to managment more in general.

- Read through my hypothesis frequently.
  - Realised while writing this report that I had forgotten three of the hypothesis

## Module Improvements

- Review weekly meetings each week
  - more realistic
  - benifit the managers by keeping them focussed
  - Help to focus on the individual
  - Posco asked us after the final meeting to rate each member individually. We were not able to do this as accurately as I would have liked as I had not kept notice on an individual basis.

## Reviewing the Criteria for validated learning

In report 1 I laid out a set of criteria to assess the hypothesis.

- The amount of communication I had with the group only happened a couple of times this was not different from the other managers. Although I have not fulfilled this criteria I do not belive that it was the hypothesis was incorrect. I think that even if i had implemented a more individual based approach, this criteria would not be a very effective judge of the hypothesis. Even if there was good focus on the individual it does not, and probably should not, encourage team members to go outside of the team dynamic. If anything it should encourage team cohesion.

## Updated Hypothesis

# Conclusion

Overall this module provided the opportunity for many new and interesting ideas.
