\newpage

# Team 14

## Work Timeline

- Week 3
  - Everyone except Ben, decided on WordPress, and setup project infrastructure such as Github. They also produced a rough guideline for development covering the entire projects duration.
- Week 4
  - Everyone except George, created a plan for the week. They then began researching plugins for WordPress and created a plan for all the system functionality.
  - Reece began researching how to make a custom plugin.
  - Jacques started both the testing and CMS journey report.
- Week 5
  - Reece installed and configured various plugins which were found during research including one designed for ticketing systems.
  - Jacques and Timothy created an initial draft of the testing report.
  - Timothy continued work on the CMs Journey.
  - Jacques created wireframe designs for all the key pages.
  - Everyone except George, discussed additional features which could be added, collated their notes on the CMS journey and furthered the test report.
- Week 6
  - George began researching how to make a custom plugin.
  - Everyone except Ben, had a meeting updating their project spanning plan.
  - Reece continued work on the CMS journey, setup user roles on the system, added problem taxonomy, populated sample data, and set up search functionality.
- Week 7
  - Everyone except Ben, had a meeting discussing plans for this development period, clarifying features, and assigning tasks.
  - George started work on a custom plugin.
  - Jana continued work on the testing report and researched a plugin to allow voting on tickets.
  - Timothy began work on the Laravel report including research on the subject. He also worked on the CMS journey.
  - Reece implemented an auto-assignment plugin, setup voting plugins found by Jana, added the ability for tickets to target specific hardware and software, fixed small site bugs, and configured site permissions. He also, added a holiday system and integrated it into the auto-assignment algorithm. Additionally he updated the CMS journey report documenting what had been done.
- Week 8
  - Everyone planned and allocated tasks for this development period.
  - George created an analyst page complete with graphs, he also added more sample data.
  - Reece added graphs to the analyst's page, refined site styling, and fixed various bugs.
  - Timothy added information to the Laravel report.
  - Jacques finished the Laravel report and the testing report.

## Overview

- Reece seems to do most of the development.

asdasdasd

| Name              | Attendance (max 7) | Score (max 10) |
| ----------------- | ------------------ | -------------- |
| Benjamin Crowe    | 4                  | 0              |
|                   |                    |                |
| George Wilkins    | 6                  | 10             |
| Jacques Moussafir | 7                  | 10             |
| Jana Latzberg     | 7                  | 10             |
| Reece Trolley     | 7                  | 10             |
| Timothy Yiu       | 7                  | 10             |

\newpage
