# Team 18

## Work Timeline

- Week 3
  - The group selected Drupal based on Nathaniel's suggestions. He then proceeded to create a system complete with many key features such as a ticketing feature.
  - Everyone created a design for the system and determined how certain parts of the system should work such as taxonomies and problem filtering.
  - Following additional research Nathaniel thought it best to switch to WordPress.
- Week 4
  - Everyone except Poojan met and assigned tasks for the week which.
  - Nathaniel switched to WordPress and began development.
- Week 5
  - Joojan and Sean tasked with styling the website.
  - Russel was tasked with adding charts for the analyst pages.
- Week 6
  - Nathaniel set up the Google VM and created test user accounts.
  - Poojan, Russel, Arpit, and Nathaniel worked on the site design and started the testing report.
- Week 7
  - Poojan, Russel, Arpit, and Nathaniel restarted the testing report.
  - Poojan, Arpit, Nathaniel, and Sean began working on the CMS journey.
- Week 8
  - Nathaniel created the sites knowledge base and populated it with test data.
  - Everyone except Liam worked on and finished all the reports and rehearsed their demo.

## Overview

- The group clearly did not delegate work equally. This is evident by the VM only being setup during week 6.
- Week 4 saw tasks being assigned but no one doing work other than Nathaniel.

Although Nathaniel played a crucial role in their final product, it was more due to his domineering approach to what should be a group project. Therefore I do not feel he acted with the interests of the group.

| Name              | Attendance (max 7) | Score (max 10) |
| ----------------- | ------------------ | -------------- |
| Nathaniel Olson   | 7                  | 5              |
| Russel Tchouatcha | 7                  | 10             |
| Poojan Vaya       | 7                  | 10             |
| Liam George       | 7                  | 10             |
| Sean McNamara     | 7                  | 10             |
| Arpit Bhaskarwar  | 7                  | 10             |

\newpage
