# Team 20

- Week 3
  - The team discussed team roles and delegated individual members to conduct research on specific CMSs in order to determine which to choose.
- Week 4
  - The team decided on team roles and determined further CMS research was needed.
- Week 5
  - The team settled on WordPress, no specific tasks were assigned.
  - The team produced a requirements guide outlining their desired functionality.
- Week 6
  - The team delegated out specific tasks to each team member for over the easter break.
  - The team presented a demo of their system. It contained a knowledge base and a ticketing system both of the features were unfinished but functional.
- Week 7
  - The team presented another demo of their system, however, their system had regressed. It now consisted solely of a knowledge base.
  - The team showed a good looking, detailed test report.
- Week 8
  - The team once again presented their system, claiming they had added a ticket system, however, when creating a ticket crashed the system.
  - All three reports looked to be close to completion.

## Overview

The team was obsessed with their own internal hierarchy, demonstrated by their first two reports, both of which start off by talking about the assignment of a leader. This focus on team dynamics lead initially to the assignment of a single person to the reports. By the end the team seemed to be greatly struggling with team dynamics and were seemingly less cohesive then when they had started.

I believe Nischal was a big contributor to the problems of the group. He was very dominant personality with in the meetings often interrupting others when they were asking questions that we directed to them. I believe without him the group would have had a better dynamic. He did seem to understand the system relatively well.

Robin was a key player, and his absence after easter drastically reduced the quality or writing
In the demo before easter, Robin seemed the most knowledgeable about the system, I believe he therefore was the most competent of the developers. His absence after easter, therefore, explains the regression of the teams system.

Rachel's was assigned the entire work load of the reports. She was often interrupted by Nischal and became quieter and more depressed looking over the weeks of meetings.

Gregory, Ruiling, and Zak were all assigned to development, however, it is unclear exactly what they contributed.

| Name           | Attendance (max 7) | Score (max 10) |
| -------------- | ------------------ | -------------- |
| Gregory Mandak | 5                  | 5              |
| Nischal Limbu  | 7                  | 3              |
| Rachel Hill    | 7                  | 8              |
| Robin Riber    | 4                  | 8              |
| Ruiling Qian   | 6                  | 5              |
| Zak Williamson | 7                  | 5              |

\newpage
