# Team 5

## Work Timeline

- Week 3
  - The team decided on Drupal and then began research about the available plugins. They also set up work infrastructure to aid the team such as Github and a communication platform.
- Week 4
  - Everyone except Maxim continued Drupal plugin experimentation, and made a plan of action for the following week.
  - **Dylan** produced wireframe designs for key pages.
- Week 5
  - **Jonathan** setup Drupal on the VM
  - Everyone except Maxim reviewed the wireframes and begain discussing the content of the reports.
  - The team decided it would be best to switch to WordPress. **Jonathan** then installed it on the VM.
  - **Jonathan** found and installed support ticket plugins and began styling the site.
- Week 6
  - Everyone except Maxim, began familiarizing themselves with WordPress. They also laid out a plan for the following week.
  - **Alihassan** and **Dylan** started on the Reports B and C.
  - **Jonathan** began configuring a theme.
  - **Andrew** created the Software/Hardware Tracking page.
  - **Alihassan** created the FAQ and updated their CMS Journey.
  - **Thomas** created a list of features which the plugin ticket system did not provide.
  - **Jonathan**, **Alihassan**, **Andrew**, and **Thomas** setup different user types with permissions.
- Week 7
  - **Alihassan** and **Jonathan** setup an auto assigning system.
  - **Jonathan** fixed some issues that had been found with the permissions and continued to style the site.
- Week 8
  - **Thomas** continued work on the test report.
  - **Jonathan** refined some styling issues.

## Overview

- the team recorded a lot of very detailed meetings.
- All team members can be seen to be contributing to the project both in group meetings and individually.
- Everyone was needed
- Jonathan clearly did a lot of the very technical aspects and worked on almost all parts of the system so he was crucial.
- Maxim was only present for the groups first meeting, he never showed up to weekly meetings

| Name              | Attendance (max 7) | Score (max 10) |
| ----------------- | ------------------ | -------------- |
| Maxim Olivson     | 0                  | 0              |
| Jonathan Goodbody | 7                  | 10             |
| Alihassan Khimji  | 7                  | 9              |
| Thomas Bridger    | 7                  | 9              |
| Dylan Jethwa      | 6                  | 9              |
| Andrew Hepworth   | 6                  | 7              |

\newpage
