# Team 8

## Work Timeline

- Week 3
  - The team researched the advantages of each CMS and decided on WordPress.
  - Decided of internal team roles.
- Week 4
  - **Dipesh** and **Rohan** started working on Report C.
  - **Michal** setup the Google VM.
  - **Simona** installed WordPress.
- Week 5
  - No Progress
- Week 6
  - **Oliver**, **Simona**, and **Michal** setup a different user roles. They also installed ticketing system - tickets can be created, edited and assigned to a specialist.
  - **Kush** started working on the test report.
  - **Rohan** and **Dipesh** continued work on report C.
- Week 7
  - Everyone except **Dipesh** populated the site with sample data and worked on the analytics system.
  - **Kush** setup the knowledge base and populated it with sample data. He also setup user permissions.
- Week 8
  - _No report given_
  - The team presented of a demo of a highly functional system.

## Overview

This team did not produce very detailed weekly reports and showed little cohesion or motivation for the project. They were poorly organized, as shown by Week 5. They did, however, produce a system which was highly functional and fulfilled at least the basic requirements of the project. During the demo every member spoke about some aspect of the system and were confident in doing so.

**Kush** was responsible for a key aspect of development and also contributed to the reports. **Dipesh** and **Rohan** focused exclusively on reports. **Simona**, **Michal**, and **Oliver** did some minor development.

| Name           | Attendance (max 7) | Score (max 10) |
| -------------- | ------------------ | -------------- |
| Dipesh Gohil   | 4                  | 8              |
| Kush Shah      | 7                  | 9              |
| Michal Hajdo   | 6                  | 8              |
| Oliver Halford | 7                  | 8              |
| Rohan Sreeram  | 5                  | 7              |
| Simona Petseva | 6                  | 8              |

\newpage
